The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Well, what I'm really hoping,
really hoping is that some sort of a rapid
test for COVID not even like the 15 minute one that we came,
cuz I heard something about some saliva test that they're trying to develop.
That's extremely rapid. That would be amazing.
If you could just test right before they come into your restaurant and no one
has to worry about. Yeah.
You know, we're gearing up for what it's, what the new world is gonna be. Yeah.
Temperature, you know, everybody gets their temperature taken, you know.
But that's not good enough.
See the temperature thing is not good enough because if you're asymptomatic,
but you're still spreading it, like why are we pretending?
Like that's avoiding science.
We need to find out whether or not people actually have it.
This temperature thing is just whether or not you're sick.
I know it doesn't mean you don't have it. I know if your,
if your temperature is low, it's, it's real weird.
And that's, what's being, that's what's gonna be mandated on us. I mean,
there's a certain series of things that we're gonna have to do and it's,
you know, nobody knows for sure or whatnot, but you know, who knows?
Well, at a certain point in time,
I think we really need to make a decision as to whether
or not we're just gonna allow this to take over our
world or whether we're going to do what we can
do to protect the sick. You know,
if you're in contact with people that have a, a weakened immune system,
you you're gonna have to have a different life than someone who doesn't.
If you're a person with a weakened immune system, yeah.
You're gonna have a different life. If you're an older person,
you're gonna have to have a different life. But for the vast majority of us,
this, this,
we're gonna have to give people the freedom to make choice and to,
to do what they want to do with their own life and their own health.
If you're giving people the freedom to eat terrible food,
the heart attacks are killing people as quickly as anything mm-hmm <affirmative>
right.
Cancer is killing people as quickly as anything cigarettes kill a half a million
people a year. There's no government mandate.
That's trying to get people stop smoking cigarettes. In fact,
there's not a single word ever spoken about it in presidential can campaigns and
governor, governor campaigns, congressional campaigns,
no one's out there trying to get people to stop smoking cigarettes,
but yet it's killing a half a million people every year in this country alone.
We're so strange in, uh,
and I understand cigarettes is a choice and infectious diseases are not or
worried about protecting people who, uh, have these compromised immune systems,
but it's not most people, you know, the,
the vast majority of people that are gonna get this are not,
it's not gonna be fatal.
We have to figure out how to protect the people that are high risk,
but to quarantine the whole country.
It just seems like maybe it was a good move to do initially,
but we can't sustain that. So now we have to figure out how to move forward.
And there's all these protests all over California. Now,
I'm sure you've seen it in the orange county and Huntington beach and there's
counties in Northern California that are like, we're opening up everything.
We're gonna open up restaurants. We're opening up bars.
We're going back to business. Texas is basically back to business.
Montana is doing the same. And you know, they have a,
a modified approach to dealing this and we're gonna have to figure it out on the
long way, but I just don't want us to lose. I,
I don't want us to lose any people,
but I certainly don't want us to lose restaurants either.
I don't want us to lose bars. I don't want us to lose comedy clubs.
I don't want us to lose small businesses that are by.
What you're gonna look like. I mean, here we are like, you know,
you talk about a comedy club. Like how do you even like,
I don't six feet apart and then doesn't make sense.
There's a certain energy in the room. Like what type of world do we have?
You know, in front of us, the way it's slated right now. Right? We.
Don't even know what kind of government overreach are we gonna have where people
gonna come in and police this, you know, like what, I mean,
there's no real science to that either. By the way, you know,
they have a bunch of people jammed into a room, whether six feet apart or not,
you're touching things, you're breathing on each other. I mean, I don't,
I don't know. I, I think you should allow people to do what they wanna do.
You know,
if it gets to a certain point where we have some sort of a viable cure or
a treatment, like there's this, um, what is that stuff called again?
This antiviral medication that Dr. Fauci has been REMS. Dere.
Yeah. REM DVIR say it. I mean, boy, we're,
we're hoping for that. Right.
We're hoping that there's some sort of a treatment where it's not a death
sentence for people, even with immune compromised systems. So, I mean,
I just, uh,
I feel so bad for people like you and for all the people out there that own
these amazing restaurants that it's one of my favorite things to do is to go to
a nice restaurant and it would be, and for me to.
Go to work <laugh>.
Yes. It'd be such a shame if, because of this,
this pandemic, all that goes away. I mean,
and what kind of a buildup are we looking at to try to bring those places back?
Yeah.
I, you know, I don't have the answers, you know, for me, um, you know.
What can be done if you had a magic wand,
what would you do if someone said, Adam, fix this.
It's difficult for me because, you know, I hear your point,
but I have just such great empathy for are, you know,
people that would get sick just by someone else's negligence. Yeah. And,
and for me, so that, it's a bit of a tussle here because, you know,
I wanna just, you know,
on one hand you have like an economy that is just tanking and businesses that
are gonna go out of, you know, business. But then on the other hand, you know,
you have people that are defenseless. Um,
some people that look healthy, fantastic, you know, like a friend,
like 45 years old goes in, then they're on a ventilator and it's just like,
you can't give the answers. Right.
I don't know if I'm even prepared to give you a summary on it. I, I,
I haven't formulated in my brain the way that I've just been coping and that's
all I'm just trying to hold on. Um, and you know, for me,
I'm just trying to put faith in the fact that people have to eat and people like
you really want to have restaurants around and in the end,
we're gonna find our way.
And the only way I know to get through this is just to head down and work and be
really helpful to people that are in need and be there for the community and
feed them. But outside of that, you know, I,
I don't know God, like if I had the, I, I don't know how to answer you.
Yeah. Nobody knows. That's, what's crazy.
Is even if I was in control, I mean, you know, because I,
I don't want people to die unnecessarily by people's negligence,
but on the other hand, uh.
I just don't know. Well,
it's such an incredibly messy situation with no clear cut answer because of the
fact that you do have these people that are seemingly healthy 35 year old people
that are getting dying and it doesn't make sense. And then you have, you know,
you hear, oh guy, world war II veteran, a hundred, two years old beats COVID.
Yeah. You know, like you see that too. So it's like, what,
how do I think about this? Do I think about it? Like the common cold?
Do I think about it? Like the flu? Do I think about it?
Like some new thing that we, I mean, everyone is unsure. I,
and that's what makes I think.
The key is strange us to get the VA, you know, a vaccine as quick as possible,
you know, so that we can get it, you know, um,
at least have some type of defense mm-hmm <affirmative>, um, for this, um,
because, and I don't know how long that's gonna take people,
like are talking a ridiculous amount of time.
But, well, it takes a long time to develop a vaccine correctly mean they're,
they're going through a bunch of trials right now. Um,
we've talked about it before. There's several ongoing, including ones with, uh,
human beings that they're testing the vaccine on. There was a woman in Seattle,
she was the first ever, uh, person to receive this coronavirus vaccine there.
They did a story on her and they're monitoring her, you know,
what does look cause.
That's the only way for us to be sure. Yes. I mean, because responsibly, I mean,
even just people coming into the restaurant, like, don't get me wrong.
I want the business and I wanna have a bar that's bustling. I wanna have a vibe.
I want people to be happy. Mm-hmm <affirmative> well fed enjoy themselves, but.
You know, not be nervous, not be nervous,
someone coughs and everybody freaks out. Yeah. Servers.
Have mask on. So all of a sudden we can't have music cuz people can't hear,
you know, the server and there's, you know?
Yeah. <laugh> yeah. Nobody used to give a, they would shake hands. It's weird.
You see people shake hands in a movie now and you're like, oh,
what are you doing?
I know it's you can just get twitchy.
About it. You know? So yeah, it happens so quickly too. That's, what's weird.
Like the, the whole world shift so rapidly and um,
people like you are the ones. I mean,
obviously the people that get hit the hardest of the people,
a with the disease and B that work with people with the disease, right?
The people that are, that have the disease and then the,
the first responders and hospital workers and,
and all the different people that work to help those people. They're,
they're the most devastated by this,
but there are so many small businesses right now that are in this position that
you're in, where there's so much uncertainty.
Is the key is gonna be the rent game. I mean, at the end of the day, um,
for a lot of these business, that it's, the looming factor is, is being on,
on the hook. You know, not,
not only just to make rent the following month with a compromised, uh, um,
you know, 50% occupancy. You know, if you can imagine, you know,
if you're paying rent for that, you know,
you have a model in terms of how much income, you know, someone brought out the,
the, the possibility of like, I, of, you know, forgiving the rent,
taking the rent and putting it on the back end of it. So right now,
essentially the, for the three months, you're not,
you don't need to pay the rent,
but you'll be add on three months to the end of your lease. Mm. You know,
that for me, makes sense. But for us to turn around and, you know,
work at, you know, 10, 15% capacity,
and then all of a sudden get a bill for six figures, say, okay, you owe this.
So who's gonna, who's gonna fill my shoes. Like,
so if I can't make it at my location,
who's gonna come along and take on that ran anyway, nobody's gonna do it.
So they're stuck. We're stuck. What are we gonna do?